{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green27\blue0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 1- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.aavw.org/audio/stokely_cia.mp3"}}{\fldrslt I don't know which one belongs to the CIA. I'm trying to figure it out. }}\
\
2-
\i\b  \cf0 1. 
\i0\b0\fs32 Then we want to talk about violence. Because it\'92s going to be important, Because I don\'92t know why everybody\'92s so scared about it. \
2. They're going to draft you all and send you to Vietnam; I guess you going to go over there and make 
\b love
\b0  to the Vietnamese.
\fs26 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \ulc2 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \ulnone 3- 1. 
\fs32 \cf0 You see that on television all the time, even today about the Vietnam war. Do you ever see\'92em? \
2. Those dirty, filthy, rotten, Communist, rebels threw a Molotov cocktail and killed civilians. \
3. And then the other guy comes on and says, "And in the meantime, our good GI boys have been bombing the hell out of North Vietnam."
\fs26 \
\cf2  \
4- 1. 
\fs32 \cf0 In the Vietnamese war, let America prove something to us. We will not fight in their war. \
2. How could you let them destroy your humanity? How could you let them put you in a uniform and go fight people who have never done anything to you. \
3. How could you? When are we going to get the strength to tell this country we will not let her destroy us?
\fs26 \
\cf2 \
5- 1. 
\fs32 \cf0 You tell them we are no longer going to kill people just because a honky says "Kill." \
2. You tell them, "When we decide to kill, we will decide who we gonna kill."}